PRO-994 Intro module (#52)
apostrophecms/a3-docs: docs/guide/introduction.md

## The module system

> Apostrophe code is organized in a system of modules. Modules are the building blocks we use to build Apostrophe projects — as well as the CMS itself.

Author: I don't know about this.

> As you learn to use ApostropheCMS, you'll quickly see how all server-side code is organized in a system of "modules." Modules are the building blocks we use to build Apostrophe projects — as well as the CMS itself.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In Apostrophe, all server-side code is organized in a system of "modules." Modules are the building blocks we use to build Apostrophe projects — as well as the CMS itself.
```
Removed the first bit because it's not necessary to understanding, imo. I also wonder if there is a more direct way to say 'server-side code'....is it implicit? Idk. 

```suggestion
Apostrophe is organized in a system of modules. Modules are the building blocks we use to build Apostrophe projects — as well as the CMS itself.
```

> Each module defines a specific set of functionality, from configuring blog post fields  to governing internationalization. Common Apostrophe project modules will define custom content types, page types, or editable widget types.

Author: I'm going for a range of complexity. Alternate examples are welcome.

> Each module defines a specific set of functionality, from governing the database connection to setting the fields in a blog post. Common Apostrophe project modules will define custom content types, page types, or editable widget types.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Common Apostrophe project modules will define custom content types, page types, or editable widget types.
```
I removed the first sentence because
1. It seems implicite to me that module define functionality,
2. "governing the database connection" feels abstract and a bit scary.
3. The big value pay off is the second sentence.

Author: The point isn't that they defined functionality, but that each one governs a specific set of functionality (they don't share responsibility for things).

Author: I'll reverse order to not lead with the complicated one. My point with this is to point out that they really do manage everything, from the simple to complex.

All modules use [the same API](/reference/module-api/). That shared foundation means that all have access to powerful features, such as custom command line tasks and API routes. It's the same API the core team uses to build the CMS, so it is well tested and designed to be as intuitive as possible.

### Setting up a module

> Modules are organized in a folder at the root of a project appropriately named `modules`. Each module has a dedicated directory with an `index.js` file that contains its configurations. So you would define a blog post module in the file:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Modules are organized in a folder at the root of a project named `modules`. Each module has a dedicated directory with an `index.js` file that contains its configurations. So you would define a blog post module in the file:
```

> Modules are organized in a folder at the root of a project appropriately named `modules`. Each module has a dedicated directory inside that with an `index.js` file that contains its configurations. So you would define a blog post module in the file:

Author: I'm trying not to be too dry, hence the "appropriately."

> Modules are organized in a folder at the root of a project appropriately named `modules`. Each module gets its own directory inside that with an `index.js` file that contains its configurations. So the blog post code would being in the file:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Modules are organized in a folder at the root of a project appropriately named `modules`. Each module has a dedicated directory with an `index.js` file that contains its configurations. So a blog post module would be in the file:
```
1. We say they're organized "in a folder", and then say "gets its own directory inside that", which feels redundant.
2. Typo

```
modules/blog-post/index.js
```

> The module code itself would then be defined in an object, assigned to `module.exports`. This may look familiar if you know [CommonJS](https://nodejs.org/api/modules.html#modules_modules_commonjs_modules) patterns.

Reviewer: In this section, I'm not sure what "the module code itself" means. We haven't really defined it. Earlier, we said the index js is for "its configurations". I think we should repeat that here, and give a really small example of a basic config within the object.

```javascript
// modules/blog-post/index.js
module.exports = {
  // ...
}
```

> The final step to this minimalist module example is to tell Apostrophe that it should be turned on, or instantiated. That is done in the main application file, `app.js` in its own `modules` property.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The final step is to tell Apostrophe that it should be turned on, or instantiated. That is done in the main application file, `app.js` in its `modules` property.
```

```js
// app.js
require('apostrophe')({
  modules: {
    'blog-post': {}
  }
});
```

> There is more to do to make modules useful, but that is all it takes to get them running.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
I think we could remove this guy or otherwise point them in a direction.

### Module inheritance

> Inheritance is the glue of the module system. Every module, other than the root module, extends another one. This means that your blog post module, which extends the "piece type" module, has a huge set of features you never have to write.

Reviewer: Link to piece type module when we have a chance. Or this might be a future opportunity for a tooltip to go over "piece type"

> Inheritance is the glue of the module system. Every module, other than the root module, extends another one. This means that your blog post module, which extends the ["piece type"](/reference/glossary.md#piece) module, has a huge set of features you never have to write.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Inheritance is the glue of the module system. Every module, other than the root module, extends another module. This means that your blog post module, which extends the ["piece type"](/reference/glossary.md#piece) module, comes with a huge set of features you never have to write.
```

```javascript
// modules/blog-post/index.js
module.exports = {
  extend: '@apostrophecms/piece-type'
};
```

> More than that, it means you can easily customize that core ["piece type"](/reference/glossary.md#piece) module (`@apostrophecms/piece-type`) in your project. That will not only apply changes to the project's blog post content type, but also every piece type in Apostrophe core.

Reviewer: I see you linked piece type here, but since the last paragraph was the first use, I would do it there instead (or in addition to).

```suggestion
More than that, it means you can easily customize that core ["piece type"](/reference/glossary.md#piece) module (`@apostrophecms/piece-type`) in your project. Editing the core piece type will apply changes to every piece type  in Apostrophe core as well as piece types you've created yourself..
```

My attempt at removing "that will not only". will + not + only feels a bit confusing. "That" could be better defined, as "If you edit" or "Editing the"

> Configuring a core or installed module is as simple as creating an `index.js` file for the module in your project. For example, we might want to log the title of every piece when it is published. We would then create the file:

Reviewer: Is this a common use case?

Author: It's not, but it's a simple one. Real use cases would introduce additional features that I didn't want to bring in so as to focus on the point here.

```
modules/@apostrophecms/piece-type/index.js
```

Then add the event handler:

```javascript
// modules/@apostrophecms/piece-type/index.js
module.exports = {
  handlers(self) {
    return {
      afterPublish: {
        logPublished (req, data) {
          console.log(`Published ${data.published.title}`);
        }
      }
    };
  }
};
```

> Since every piece type extends that module, they all get the benefits of changes to it. And in the project code we only need to include our changes. All the rest of the module's code is untouched.

Reviewer: We technically just said this, but it is kind of nice to end with.

> The rest of the documentation will include many specific, practical examples of these ideas. For now a couple of main takeaways are:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The rest of the documentation will include many specific, practical examples of these ideas. For now the main takeaways are:
```
couple means "two". There are 3, but really, these are all of them, imo.

Author: It means two in some contexts, but generally means an indefinite small number.
